Changing Connectivity Information
As we inspect the code,
we realize the base_url variable
needs to be changed to
match our environment:
We must also modify the IP address and the
change the protocol to HTTPS:
We also notice that when
browsing the target website,
we are presented with an
UNKNOWN_ISSUER SSL error.
This error indicates that the
certificate on the remote host
can not be validated.
We must account for this
in the exploit code.
Specifically, the exploit is using
the requests Python library
to communicate with the target.
The code makes three post requests
The first request is on line 34.
The official documentation indicates that
the SSL certificate will be ignored
if we set the verify parameter to False:
The next request is on line 55.
We’ll append the verify
paramter here as well.
The last request is on line 80
where we’ll repeat the process:
Finally, we also need to change the
credentials used in the original exploit
to match those found during the enumeration process.
These are defined in the username and
assword variables at lines
15 and 16 respectively:
Note that in this case, we do not need
to update the simple payload
since it only executes system commands
passed in cleartext
within the GET request.
After all edits are complete,
we save our changes
and attempt to run the exploit
However, we are faced with
an unexpected error
According to the error,
an exception was triggered during the
execution of the parse_csrf_token function
on line 24 of the code.
The error tells us that the code tried
to access a non-existent element
of a Ptyhon list by accessing
its second element